spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@host-mem-barrier
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@host-mem-barrier@Vertex array/RaW/one bit barrier test/64x64

# 2022-11-23 The following two case are xfails, but sometimes pass.
spec@egl_chromium_sync_control@conformance
spec@egl_chromium_sync_control@conformance@eglGetSyncValuesCHROMIUM_msc_and_sbc_test

# Flaky with a Fail result since the piglit fix made it stop crashing.
glx@glx-make-current

# OQ flakes/fails started with no perceivable pattern around 2023-12-13
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query..*

# uprev Piglit in Mesa
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.scissor_depth_write_stencil_write_stencil_clear
glx@glx-multithread-texture
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-refcount-multithread

dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.render.recreate_color.tex2d_rg8ui_depth_stencil_rbo_depth24_stencil8

dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.depth_clear_stencil_write_stencil_clear
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.conservative_scissor_depth_write_stencil_write
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.depth_write
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.depth_write_depth_clear_stencil_write_stencil_clear
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.scissor_stencil_write_stencil_clear
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.scissor_depth_clear
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.conservative_scissor_depth_write_stencil_clear
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.conservative_scissor_stencil_clear
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.conservative_depth_clear
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.scissor_depth_clear_stencil_write_stencil_clear
dEQP-GLES3.functional.occlusion_query.conservative_depth_write_stencil_clear

dEQP-GLES3.functional.texture.filtering.3d.formats.r11f_g11f_b10f_nearest_mipmap_nearest

dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.compressed.viewclass_astc_12x12_rgba.srgb8_alpha8_astc_12x12_khr_srgb8_alpha8_astc_12x12_khr.texture2d_to_cubemap
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.non_compressed.viewclass_96_bits.rgb32f_rgb32i.texture3d_to_texture2d

glx@glx-visuals-stencil
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-ortho-pos
spec@!opengl 1.2@texture-packed-formats
spec@amd_shader_trinary_minmax@execution@built-in-functions@fs-mid3-vec4-vec4-vec4
spec@arb_clear_texture@arb_clear_texture-depth
spec@arb_copy_image@arb_copy_image-formats --samples=2
spec@arb_framebuffer_srgb@blit texture linear_to_srgb scaled enabled render
spec@arb_gpu_shader5@texturegatheroffset@vs-rgba-0-unorm-2d
spec@arb_sample_shading@arb_sample_shading-builtin-gl-sample-mask-mrt-alpha-to-coverage
spec@arb_shader_texture_lod@execution@tex-miplevel-selection \*gradarb 3d
spec@arb_tessellation_shader@execution@built-in-functions@tcs-op-assign-bitxor-uint-uint
spec@arb_texture_gather@texturegatheroffset@vs-r-red-uint-2darray
spec@arb_texture_view@rendering-r32ui
spec@arb_vertex_buffer_object@vbo-subdata-many drawarrays
spec@arb_vertex_buffer_object@vbo-subdata-many drawelements
spec@ext_external_objects@vk-ping-pong-multi-sem
spec@ext_external_objects@vk-ping-pong-single-sem
spec@ext_external_objects@vk-semaphores
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@accuracy 16 stencil_resolve
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@accuracy 4 depth_draw small depthstencil
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@accuracy all_samples stencil_resolve small depthstencil
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@getteximage-formats init-by-rendering
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@built-in-functions@vs-transpose-mat2x4
spec@glsl-1.20@execution@variable-indexing@vs-varying-mat2-row-rd
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@tex-miplevel-selection texture\(\) 1darrayshadow
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@tex-miplevel-selection texturegrad 2darrayshadow
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@tex-miplevel-selection texturegradoffset 2d
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@tex-miplevel-selection texturelodoffset 1d
spec@glsl-4.30@execution@built-in-functions@cs-op-bitxor-uvec3-uint
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@tex-miplevel-selection textureproj\(bias\) 1d_projvec4
dEQP-GLES31.functional.copy_image.non_compressed.viewclass_64_bits.rg32f_rgba16ui.texture3d_to_renderbuffer
dEQP-GLES31.functional.shaders.multisample_interpolation.interpolate_at_sample.at_sample_id.multisample_rbo_2
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@accuracy all_samples depth_draw small depthstencil
spec@arb_framebuffer_srgb@blit renderbuffer linear_to_srgb upsample disabled render
spec@arb_vertex_buffer_object@vbo-subdata-many drawrangeelements
spec@glsl-1.30@execution@tex-miplevel-selection texturelodoffset 3d
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@accuracy all_samples depth_resolve small depthstencil
spec@arb_texture_rg@multisample-formats 6 gl_arb_texture_rg-float
