dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.repeated_clear.tex2d_rgba,Fail
dEQP-GLES2.functional.fbo.render.repeated_clear.tex2d_rgb,Fail
dEQP-GLES31.functional.shaders.multisample_interpolation.interpolate_at_sample.non_multisample_buffer.sample_n_default_framebuffer,Fail
dEQP-GLES31.functional.shaders.multisample_interpolation.interpolate_at_sample.non_multisample_buffer.sample_n_singlesample_rbo,Fail
dEQP-GLES31.functional.shaders.multisample_interpolation.interpolate_at_sample.non_multisample_buffer.sample_n_singlesample_texture,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r11f_g11f_b10f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r16f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r16i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r16ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r32f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r32i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r32ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r8,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r8i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.r8ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg16f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg16i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg16ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg32f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg32i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg32ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg8,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg8i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rg8ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb10_a2,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb10_a2ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb16f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb565,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb5_a1,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgb8,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba16f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba16i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba16ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba32f,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba32i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba32ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba4,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba8,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba8i,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.rgba8ui,Fail
dEQP-GLES3.functional.fbo.color.repeated_clear.sample.tex2d.srgb8_alpha8,Fail
glx@extension string sanity,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@color-index render type with 3.0,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@current with no framebuffer,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@default major version,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@default minor version,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@empty attribute list,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context_es2_profile@indirect rendering es2 profile,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context_es2_profile@invalid opengl es version,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@forward-compatible flag with 3.0,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@forward-compatible flag with pre-3.0,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@invalid attribute,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@invalid flag,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@invalid opengl version,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@invalid render type,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context_no_error@no error,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context@null attribute list,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context_profile@3.2 core profile required,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context_profile@invalid profile,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context_profile@pre-gl3.2 profile,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context_robustness@invalid reset notification strategy,Fail
glx@glx_arb_create_context_robustness@require gl_arb_robustness,Fail
glx@glx_arb_sync_control@glxgetmscrateoml,Fail
glx@glx_arb_sync_control@swapbuffersmsc-divisor-zero,Fail
glx@glx_arb_sync_control@swapbuffersmsc-return,Fail
glx@glx_arb_sync_control@swapbuffersmsc-return swap_interval 0,Fail
glx@glx_arb_sync_control@swapbuffersmsc-return swap_interval 1,Fail
glx@glx_arb_sync_control@waitformsc,Fail
glx@glx-buffer-age,Fail
glx@glx-buffer-age vblank_mode=0,Fail
glx@glx-close-display,Fail
glx@glx-context-flush-control,Fail
glx@glx-copy-context-dest-current,Fail
glx@glx-destroycontext-1,Fail
glx@glx-destroycontext-2,Fail
glx@glx-destroycontext-3,Fail
glx@glx-dont-care-mask,Fail
glx@glx-egl-switch-context,Fail
glx@glx_ext_import_context@free context,Fail
glx@glx_ext_import_context@get context id,Fail
glx@glx_ext_import_context@get current display,Fail
glx@glx_ext_import_context@import context- multi process,Fail
glx@glx_ext_import_context@import context- single process,Fail
glx@glx_ext_import_context@imported context has same context id,Fail
glx@glx_ext_import_context@make current- multi process,Fail
glx@glx_ext_import_context@make current- single process,Fail
glx@glx_ext_import_context@query context info,Fail
glx@glx_ext_no_config_context@no fbconfig,Fail
glx@glx-fbconfig-bad,Fail
glx@glx-fbconfig-compliance,Fail
glx@glx-fbconfig-sanity,Fail
glx@glx-fbo-binding,Fail
glx@glx-make-current,Fail
glx@glx-make-current-other-thread,Fail
glx@glx-make-glxdrawable-current,Fail
glx@glx_mesa_query_renderer@coverage,Fail
glx@glx-multi-context-front,Fail
glx@glx-multi-context-ib-1,Fail
glx@glx-multi-context-single-window,Fail
glx@glx-multithread-buffer,Fail
glx@glx-multithread-buffer-refcount-bug,Fail
glx@glx-multithread-clearbuffer,Fail
glx@glx-multithread,Fail
glx@glx-multithread-makecurrent-1,Fail
glx@glx-multithread-makecurrent-2,Fail
glx@glx-multithread-makecurrent-3,Fail
glx@glx-multithread-makecurrent-4,Fail
glx@glx-multithread-shader-compile,Fail
glx@glx-multithread-texture,Fail
glx@glx-multi-window-single-context,Fail
glx@glx-pixmap13-life,Fail
glx@glx-pixmap-crosscheck,Fail
glx@glx-pixmap-life,Fail
glx@glx-pixmap-multi,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glxbaddrawable,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glx_fbconfig_id-glxpbuffer,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glx_fbconfig_id-glxpixmap,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glx_fbconfig_id-glxwindow,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glx_fbconfig_id-window,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glx_height,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glxpbuffer-glx_height,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glxpbuffer-glx_width,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glxpixmap-glx_height,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glxpixmap-glx_width,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glx_preserved_contents,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glx_width,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glxwindow-glx_height,Fail
glx@glx-query-drawable-glxwindow-glx_width,Fail
glx@glx-shader-sharing,Fail
glx@glx-swap-copy,Fail
glx@glx-swap-exchange,Fail
glx@glx-swap-pixmap-bad,Fail
glx@glx-swap-pixmap,Fail
glx@glx-swap-singlebuffer,Fail
glx@glx-tfp,Fail
glx@glx-visuals-depth,Fail
glx@glx-visuals-depth -pixmap,Fail
glx@glx-visuals-stencil,Fail
glx@glx-visuals-stencil -pixmap,Fail
glx@glx-window-life,Fail
KHR-GL46.framebuffer_blit.scissor_blit,Fail
spec@arb_framebuffer_object@fbo-blit-scaled-linear,Fail
spec@arb_get_texture_sub_image@arb_get_texture_sub_image-get,Fail
spec@arb_gpu_shader_fp64@execution@arb_gpu_shader_fp64-tf-separate,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 1- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 2- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 4- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 0- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 1- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 2- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 0- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 1- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 2- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 3- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 4- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 5- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: false,Fail
spec@arb_sample_locations@test@MSAA: 8- X: 3- Y: 6- Grid: true,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@arb_sample_shading-builtin-gl-sample-mask-mrt-alpha-to-coverage,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 2@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 4@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 6@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@0.125000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@0.250000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@0.500000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@1.000000 mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8 all@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@noms mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@noms partition,Fail
spec@arb_sample_shading@samplemask 8@sample mask_in_one,Fail
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@atomicity,Crash
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@atomicity@imageAtomicCompSwap,Fail
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@atomicity@imageAtomicExchange,Fail
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@atomicity@imageAtomicMax,Fail
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@atomicity@imageAtomicMin,Fail
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@atomicity@imageAtomicOr,Fail
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@atomicity@imageAtomicXor,Fail
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@max-size,Fail
spec@arb_shader_image_load_store@max-size@image2DMS max size test/8x16384x8x1,Fail
spec@arb_shader_texture_lod@execution@arb_shader_texture_lod-texgradcube,Fail
spec@arb_shader_texture_lod@execution@arb_shader_texture_lod-texgrad,Fail
spec@arb_shading_language_packing@execution@built-in-functions@fs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@arb_shading_language_packing@execution@built-in-functions@vs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb),Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_ALPHA8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16_ALPHA16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8_ALPHA8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (fs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb),Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_ALPHA8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_INTENSITY8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16_ALPHA16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8_ALPHA8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA16UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32F_ARB,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA32UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA8I_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_buffer_object@formats (vs- arb)@GL_LUMINANCE_ALPHA8UI_EXT,Fail
spec@arb_texture_cube_map_array@texsubimage cube_map_array,Fail
spec@arb_viewport_array@display-list,Fail
spec@egl 1.4@egl-ext_egl_image_storage,Fail
spec@egl 1.4@eglterminate then unbind context,Fail
spec@egl_khr_gl_image@egl_khr_gl_renderbuffer_image-clear-shared-image gl_depth_component24,Fail
spec@egl_khr_surfaceless_context@viewport,Fail
spec@ext_external_objects@vk-image-overwrite,Crash
spec@ext_external_objects@vk-ping-pong-multi-sem,Timeout
spec@ext_external_objects@vk-ping-pong-single-sem,Timeout
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@enable-flag,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 2 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 4 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 6 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 non-centroid-deriv-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_multisample@interpolation 8 non-centroid-disabled,Fail
spec@ext_framebuffer_object@fbo-flushing-2,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_nv12,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_nv21,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p010,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p012,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_p016,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_yuv420,Fail
spec@ext_image_dma_buf_import@ext_image_dma_buf_import-sample_yvu420,Fail
spec@ext_texture_array@texsubimage array,Fail
spec@ext_transform_feedback@immediate-reuse-uniform-buffer,Fail
spec@ext_transform_feedback@tessellation quad_strip wireframe,Fail
spec@ext_transform_feedback@tessellation quads wireframe,Fail
spec@glsl-1.10@execution@samplers@glsl-fs-lots-of-tex,Fail
spec@glsl-es-3.00@execution@built-in-functions@fs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@glsl-es-3.00@execution@built-in-functions@vs-packhalf2x16,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gles srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gles srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gl srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@miptree-gl srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gles srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gles srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gl srgb-fp,Fail
spec@khr_texture_compression_astc@sliced-3d-miptree-gl srgb-fp@sRGB decode full precision,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@gl-1.0-no-op-paths,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@rasterpos,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@rasterpos@glsl_vs_gs_linked,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.0@rasterpos@glsl_vs_tes_linked,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@line-smooth-coverage,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@line-smooth-stipple,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-facing,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 0: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 1: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 2: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 5: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected blue pixel in center,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected white pixel on right edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset@config 6: Expected white pixel on top edge,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.1@polygon-mode-offset,Fail
spec@!opengl 1.2@copyteximage 3d,Fail
spec@!opengl 2.1@pbo,Fail
spec@!opengl 2.1@pbo@test_polygon_stip,Fail
spec@!opengl 2.1@polygon-stipple-fs,Fail
spec@!opengl 3.0@clearbuffer-depth-cs-probe,Fail
spec@!opengl es 3.0@gles-3.0-transform-feedback-uniform-buffer-object,Fail
